Numbers chapter 22 verse 22 and reads as follows.
And God's anger was kindled because he went and the angel of the Lord stood in the way of an adversary against him.
Now he was riding upon his ass and his two servants were with him.
And the ass saw the angel of the Lord standing in the way and his sword drawn in hand and the ass turned aside of
the side out of the way and went into the field, and Balaam smote his ass and turned her into the way.
But the angel of the Lord stood in the path of the vineyards, a wall being on the side, and a wall on that side.
And when his ass saw the angel of the Lord, she thrust herself under the wall and crushed Balaam's foot against the wall, and he smote her again.
And the angel of the Lord went further and stood in a narrow place,
where was no way to turn either to the right hand or to the left, and when the ass saw the angel of the Lord, she fell down under Balaam, and Balaam's anger was kindled, and he smote the ass of the staff.
And the Lord opened the mouth of the ass, and she said unto Balaam, what have I done unto thee, that thou hast smitten me these three times?
And Balaam said unto the ass, because thou hast mocked me, I would, there were a sword in my hand, for now I would kill thee.
And the ass said unto Balaam, Am I not thine ass upon which thou hast written ever since I was thine unto this day?
And was I ever want to do so unto thee?
And he said, Nay, then the Lord opened the eyes of Balaam, and he saw the angel of the Lord standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand.
And he bowed down his head and fell flat on his face.
And the angel of the Lord said unto him, Wherefore hast thou smitten thine ass three times?
Behold,
I went out to withstand thee, because thy way is perverse before me.
And the ass saw me and turned from these three times.
Unless she had turned from me, surely now also I had slain thee, and saved her alive.
And Balaam said unto the angel of the Lord, I have sinned, for I knew not that thou stoodest in my way against me.
Now therefore, if it displeased thee, I will get me back again.
And the angel of the Lord said unto Balaam, Go with the men, but only the word that I shall speak unto thee, that thou shalt speak.
And so Balaam went with the princes of Balaak.
And when Balaak heard that Balaam was come, he went out to meet him unto a city of Moab, which is in the border of Arnon, which is in the utmost coast.
And let's fast forward to chapter 24 here.
24.
And we'll read verse 10, chapter 24, verse 10.
And Baelic's anger was kindled against Baelum, and he smote his hands together, and Baelic said unto Baelum, I called thee to curse mine enemies, and behold, now altogether, bless them these three times.
Therefore now, flee thou to thy place, I thought to remote thee unto great honor, but lo, the Lord had kept thee back from honor.
And Baelum said unto Baelic, Spake not, I
Let's pray before we get into today's message.
Dear God, thank you for your word, the Bible.
Thank you for the stories we have to learn from.
Thank you for these people here.
ready to hear your word.
May your word fill their hearts.
May your word be made manifest in their lives.
May your word outpour your glory and your spirit and may I do my best right now to help share those words with everyone here.
We pray these things in Jesus' name, amen.
So last time we started looking at this prophet Balaam.
And last time I called him the for-profit
Prophet the for-profit Prophet yes, he was a man of God and that he could actually talk to God you know the special ability that he had the ability to communicate directly with God have a conversation hear what God said but Also, we studied that he had a flaw in his personality right and it was highlighted when this King Balaq this King Balaq Wanted to hire someone to help curse Israel
because he had observed the Israelites wandering in the wilderness.
This is at the time when the Israelites, like Israelites were still wandering in the wilderness, getting close to the promised land, right?
He was worried and he saw that they were winning all these battles, right?
They were winning battles, they were defeating enemies.
So he was hoping that he'd get someone to curse Israel so that when they finally reached his territory that his armies could defeat them and that he wouldn't be kicked out as the king and all that kind of stuff, right?
So he sent messengers under this guy he knew, Balaam, right?
He knew that he was a prophet.
So he said, Balaam, come here.
I'll give you a big bucks.
I'll give you a big money.
If all you do is curse Israel for me.
And what we read last time, we saw Balaam talks to God and God tells him, no, no, Israel is my chosen people.
You cannot curse Israel.
So Balaak gets the message.
And he sends even greater messengers and offering even greater stuff.
And he tells Balaam, please come and curse Israel.
And you know, Melvin says this a lot in his saying, right?
When God says something one time, we listen, right?
So Balaam should have known.
He said something one time.
You should listen.
But he revealed his true intention by telling those people not
leave right away.
I already gave you my answer.
He says, well, let me think about it one more time.
Let me ask God one more time.
Let me see you one more time if I can come with you.
And, you know, God says, you know, basically you can do what you want, right?
You can do what you want.
You know, God has given us all free will, right?
We can do what we want, right?
But obviously we know that God wants us to do good, right?
So likewise, he gave Balaam free will and he chose to go with them.
and that kind of revealed his spirit.
His spirit was that he wanted that gold, he wanted that silver.
He had greed, and we talked about that last time, about how Balaam, this guy that maybe we haven't heard that much about, actually is mentioned all throughout the Bible over and over again, remembered for his greed, the sin of greed that he's held up in the book of Peter, in the book of Jude, even by Jesus himself, talking about him as a symbol of this guy,
that kind of sold out, right?
He wanted to sell out.
He wanted to get the gold, right?
We talked last time about how greed shows our discontent with God, right?
God has given us what he's given us, right?
We all know God's provided for us.
All of us here, I know you guys.
None of you guys are homeless.
None of you guys are starving.
God has provided for you guys, right?
And our idea is that we're supposed to be thankful.
We're supposed to be thankful what God's given us.
We're supposed to be good stewards of what God's given us.
But instead, many of us
Many people feel the need to strive for more.
Oh, I wish I had more, right?
And a lot of times, the tricky part is that that hope doesn't feel, doesn't feel to us like a super sinful thing.
What's so bad, God?
I sure wish I had a bigger house or nicer car, right?
I wish I could go on a nice vacation, so on and so forth.
Those things in and of themselves are not sinful things.
There's nothing wrong with having a big house or a nice car or going on vacation or whatever, right?
Those things do take money though.
The problem comes when our focus, our focus all becomes that, right?
When we're living our life.
so that my only goal is I want to go on a vacation.
I want to see all 50 states and all 250 countries.
That's my only goal in life, right?
My only goal is I want to upgrade from my three bedroom house to a four bedroom house, five bedroom house, six bedroom house, right?
When that becomes our thing, we're no better than Balem because our focus has gone away from what God wants to an earthly treasure, an earthly prize.
That's why he's remembered so negatively in the Bible that he forsaked what God wanted all to pursue this.
So we have to be careful, of course.
We talked about this last time in our own lives, even though how legitimate it is to have these things, to have these comforts, right?
That we all want.
I want it, right?
I wish I had a bigger house and a nicer car and I wish I could go on more vacations and all that kind of stuff.
I want that too, right?
If we make that our goal, that's when we slip up.
That's when we slip up in our Christian lives and we lose our focus on the most important stuff.
Rather, our focus should be on Jesus Christ.
When we have the focus on Jesus Christ, that leads us in the right direction all the time.
What does the Bible say about prayer?
It says, pray without
ceasing, pray without ceasing.
A friend of mine gave me a good example of this, right?
That I never thought of and how wonderful it is that he lives his life like this.
He says like, oh, you know, I try to just whenever I have downtime, spend time with God all day long, right?
That's kind of my prayer.
Like I don't have a set prayer time.
I just pray whenever and that way I feel God's presence all day long.
And you know what?
I bet that sure helps a lot with temptation, right?
It's like, oh,
You're working, but then you have a break in your work.
Oh, you can go pray to God, right?
Or as Nathan would say, oh, you're going to work, you're commuting, you pray to God, right?
Or you're about to eat your lunch, your dinner, you pray to God.
You pray to God all day long.
And I bet you, I bet you this, that you will not feel a temptation of chasing after these greedy, lustful things, but instead be focused on Jesus Christ.
And Jesus Christ will lead you in the right direction.
So that's all the stuff we talked about last time.
Today we're going to try to finish up the story we have here today.
And let's go over these verses.
So kind of a quick style.
It's a lot of verses.
It's chapter 22, chapter 23, chapter 24.
As we said last time, believe it or not, there's more words written about this guy than about most of the 12 disciples even, right?
We know more about Balaam's story than about anything about
Andrew or Bartholomew or Matthew or all these people that you hear about that you think are so famous or important.
This guy's got more written about him.
So what happens next in this story?
As we said last time, he goes off to follow the people back to Beilat and he rides his donkey on the road to get there.
And he is so focused on getting there that he doesn't see that there's an angel in the road blocking him.
But you know who does see the angel?
The donkey, the donkey can see it, and donkey is no fool, he's not gonna go ram into an angel, right?
He just goes to the side, right?
And then when Balaam forces him to go for it again, he tries to go the other way, or he tries to fall down.
Three times the donkey tries to dodge the angel.
And each time Balaam's there, you know, hitting the donkey, saying, donkey, you gotta get moving, right?
We gotta go, we gotta go.
And, you know, being violent toward his animal, get it moving.
Until finally after the third time we read the verses here, the famous story, how God lets the donkey talk, right?
The donkey actually talks back to Balaam and says, why are you doing this, right?
Why are you doing this?
You know, I am your trusty donkey.
You've had me my whole life.
I've served you and I've been a good donkey to you.
I've never led you the wrong way.
Why are you attacking me like this?
And, you know, Balaam is just so frustrated and enraged.
He says, I wish I had a sword.
I wish I could kill you right now, donkey.
I hate you that much, right?
So this goes on until finally the angel reveals himself to Balaam.
And, you know, he finally understands like, oh, there's an angel there.
This is a big angel with a sword blocking the road.
Like, oops.
So he realizes
is wrong, and he talks to the angel, and the angel has a message for Balaam.
And the message is pretty simple.
The message is pretty simple.
He says, you know, Balaam, you're gonna go there, right?
But God has this message for you.
You can only say what God says.
So that's the instruction.
We read in the next,
starting in the next chapter, chapter 23, which we didn't read, but you guys are free to read on your own.
It's kind of repetitive.
What happens is Balaam meets up with Balaam finally, and they go through this whole ritual.
They set up these altars.
They get ready to talk to God, right?
And so Balaam talks to God three times.
Three times he does this.
So the first time he goes up to God, builds the altar, gets a message from God, and he comes down, and he says exactly what God tells him.
And what is God's message?
God's message is actually a blessing on Israel, not a curse.
It's a blessing.
So the first time that happens and then Bayat goes, what happened?
I brought you here to curse Israel and you bless them.
What's going on?
So he says, go do it again.
So they do it again, right?
And the second time, the exact same thing happens, right?
Balaam gets a message from God.
It's another blessing for Israel.
And he says the blessing, Balaam gets angry again.
He says, no, that's not right.
I do not want Israel blessed.
I want them cursed.
Third time, same thing happens.
So after that, Balaam is obviously very angry and he sends him away.
He says, I give up, right?
You're no help.
You do not curse them like I wanted you to do, right?
So,
That's the end.
That carries us through the end of chapter 24.
And it seems like, and it seems like, isn't that a good story, right?
Balaam, all he did was do exactly what God said.
God said, bless Israel.
And then he blessed Israel.
And it should be the end, right?
It should be a happy ending.
Oh, yeah.
You know, he might have been greedy.
He went there.
But in the end, he did right.
So why is he remembered for doing wrong?
Well,
The rest of the Bible fills us in on what happened next, because there's actually more to the story.
As we said, there's a lot of verses written about this guy.
Let's look at Revelation chapter 2 verse 14.
It's on your handout, you know, to flip it there.
Revelation 2, 14, Jesus says this, But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balaak to cast a stumbling block
before the Trojan of Israel to eat things sacrificed on the idols and to commit fornication.
You see what it says here, Jesus says, is that after that happened, you know, because Balaam, he knew he couldn't go against God, right?
He couldn't say something different, but he had a different idea.
His different idea was, well, I can't curse Israel, but Balaam, Balaak, let me teach you how to attack Israel, right?
How do I, how do you put a stumbling block before Israel?
And the stumbling block was to put in their path things like fornication, things like worship of idols.
Basically, his idea was that if you want to defeat Israel, the way to do it is to weaken their relationship with God.
And what do we see in the very next verse after chapter 24, after the end of the Balaam story, Numbers 25-1, it says this.
and Israel abode and shittim and the people began to commit hordom with the daughters of Moab almost immediately, right?
That's what happened.
So he put this idea into Balak's mind.
I guess he found some way to arrange it or to put it in their Israel's path that this started happening, right?
How much so did this happen?
Numbers 31-16, it says this, behold, there caused the children of Israel through the counsel of Balaam to commit trespass against the Lord in the matter of Pior, and there is a plague among the congregation of the Lord, right?
That so many people had fallen into the sin that God had to send a plague.
And how do we know that Balaam was the cause of all this, that he was the bad guy, that he was the one that set all these things in motion?
Numbers 31-8 reads as follows, it says,
And they slew the kings of Midian.
This is Israel when they're fighting wars.
They slew the kings of Midian beside the rest of them that were slain.
Namely, Evai and Rechem and Zer and Her and Reba, the five kings of Midian.
Balaam, also the son of Beor, they slew with the sword.
They killed him.
That's how you know he was their enemy, right?
If he was still, oh, he's a great guy.
He was a man of God.
They wouldn't go kill him now, would they?
So they killed him because they realized he was the one that set forth all these stumbling blocks.
He was the one that caused all this rebellion, all this bad stuff to happen, right?
He knew he couldn't disobey God, right?
Bala can still say, technically, I did not say anything that God did not want me to say, right?
Technically, strictly speaking, I did not do anything.
All I did was give an idea to this other guy.
Right?
I just gave him an idea of the other guy and then stuff happened, right?
And you know, it just happened that that guy rewarded me with lots of gold and silver and stuff, right?
You know?
So that was his way to get around the thing.
He wanted the gold, he wanted the silver, he wanted the treasures, but he couldn't curse Israel.
So he found a workaround.
He twisted himself in all these different ways just to get his goal.
So that's the story.
What do we glean from this story?
What do we get from studying the story, this weird story about this guy and his donkey and this king and this curse and all this stuff like that?
First point, we see that Balaam was totally blinded, absolutely blinded by this lust for money.
Look at the way he treated his animal, right?
His donkey.
He had like tunnel vision.
It was like he had blinders on you know blinders those things they put on horses, right?
So to make sure they don't look left or right that they keep going straight, right?
He was so blinded he could not see
the angel right in front of him, right?
Even the donkey could see the angel, but he could not, right?
He was like one of those cartoon characters you see when you think about money where their eyes are just two dollar signs, right?
That's all he could see, the two dollar signs, and he keeps on going forward and seems like, I gotta get there as soon as possible.
I don't care, you know, donkey, you gotta hurry up and whatever.
In fact, look at the way he reacts when the donkey talks.
He doesn't say, whoa, this is like a miracle or a weird thing or whatever.
Like, I need to, he says, no, donkey, you're talking, you are wrong.
Keep moving.
I want you to keep moving and get me there.
Right?
He totally ignores this weird thing cause he's just so focused on, I need to get to the destination.
I need to get to the money.
That's what happens when we thought about it earlier last time, right?
When our focus shifts.
away from Jesus Christ, when it shifts away from what God wants from us.
When we get this tunnel vision, tunnel vision on worldly things, whatever the worldly things are, when it's our only focus, we're going toward that, we can't see everything else.
We ignore something, even as obvious as a big angel standing in our road, right?
That's a problem that many of us might have today when we get too focused on the world
worldly thing that might again just like we talked about last time that might necessarily not be a bad thing but if it becomes so focused so tunnel vision it distracts us from the work of God something for example like our school right you must say oh
I want to get an A on this class and do everything I can.
I'm so focused.
I'm doing everything I can to get that A in the class.
I don't care what it costs.
If it means that I don't go to church, so I have more time to study.
If it means that I don't have time to read my Bible, because I want to study more and more and more.
I want to get that A. I have tunnel vision.
That's all I care about.
Well, you see, you've lost a lot of important stuff when you're focused on that.
Even though that goal is good, we want you to get an A and do good in school, right?
When we come so focused, so myopic, it leads us to the wrong path.
Same thing for working people.
If you say, oh, I really want to get the promotion at work and do better at my job, right?
Get more bonuses, get more raises.
And that's all we're focused on.
Work, work, work, work, work, work.
And then you lose sight of things like serving God.
Oh, that's just on the way side, right?
serving God, worshiping God, studying God's Word.
All those things don't matter anymore.
I'm so focused.
This is my tunnel vision.
I couldn't see it if it was standing right in front of me.
That's the Balaam attitude, right?
So number one, we don't want to have Balaam's tunnel vision.
Number two, we see how Balaam twisted himself to get the outcome he wanted.
He twisted himself, right?
He kind of knows what God says.
So he doesn't want to violate God.
He believes in God.
He knows God.
He knows God exists.
But he's going to try to adjust it and finagle it so that he can get what he wants to get him to the point where he feels comfortable to do the thing he wants, to get the thing he wants.
His greed caused him to compromise his values and to make himself basically fool himself.
into thinking that this is the right thing to do.
And folks, this is the thing that trips up a lot of Christians today.
It trips up a lot of people today, even non-Christians.
The idea is that people are willing to compromise their principles when something that they want is the desired outcome.
When I want this thing to happen, I'm going to make up all the excuses in the world and change my ideas just because I want this result.
And we see it with some Christians taking some weird stances today in the context of the news and the current events.
If you follow the current events, there are, for example, many Christians in the state of Texas who very much oppose things like, oh,
Vaccine mandates and mass mandates and you see on the news right and one of these people say they say this This is my body and it's my choice right my body my choice and they're saying I only care about freedom my freedom to do what I want right and that's what I believe and At the same time you saw the news in Texas the week you know this week the new law went into effect about abortions right and you know I
What do all the pro-abortion people say?
What are their words?
They're saying, oh, it's my body and my choice.
And it's all about my freedom.
So you can ask those Christians, like, do you see any contradiction here to say that?
And one attitude is going to be, oh, it's all about my choice and my life and government.
You can't tell me what to do.
But then in the other situation, yes, we want government to tell people what to do.
It's not your life.
It's not your body.
you know they twist the reality is they just don't want to wear a mask or get a vaccine that's fine that's their choice but don't try to say like this is some great principle or whatever right reality is they're just twisting themselves to get to that in fact I would say most Christians you know like what Melvin would say right is that we actually like it when the government tells people to do stuff like government tells you hey you can't smoke
If we would love that if they had that happen, or you can't smoke marijuana, or you can't do drugs, or you can't get abortions, we would love that, right?
So to say, oh, just because there's this one thing I don't like, now I'm gonna twist my whole answer and say now I'm the biggest proponent of no government in my life, because I don't wanna wear the mask or I don't wanna get vaccinated or whatever, right?
That's how people compromise to get the goal they want.
And you know, that's the way it works with us too, because Satan knows this.
Satan knows that it doesn't work if he just has someone pop up in front of you and say, hey, do you want to do a lot of drugs and get drunk?
You say, no, I know that's sinful.
He's not going to go up in front of you and say, oh, do you want to go steal a lot of money?
We're all going to say no.
That's too obvious.
He does it subtly.
He doesn't say, oh, do you want to go get drunk or whatever like that and get in a car accident and kill people and say that?
He says like, oh, you know, hey,
you know, you're going out to a social gathering, right?
Hey, if everyone else in the social gathering is having, you know, one drink is okay to have the one drink one time, right?
It's just one time.
And that's how we feel.
And we justify it in our mind and say, yes, God, I know that you don't want to drink alcohol, but you know what?
It's one time, one variation.
That's it, right?
And then we do it, right?
Just like he says, like, oh, we don't wanna, we don't wanna
Like, saying don't put someone in front of you and say, oh, we're gonna go steal and rob the bank right now, right?
But what happens when, you know, you're like you're a business owner, and you're trying to make money for your family, and then you get stuck in a situation where you have to make an ethical choice, and you could do some underhanded business practice, and you could make a lot more money.
Are you gonna compromise your value to get that money?
All you have to do is cheat this one guy a little bit, right?
It's like, oh, it's for a good cause.
I want to do this.
I want that money for my family.
I want my money so I can survive.
I can have food and stuff like that.
You know, God, well, you will understand if I make an exception.
This one time, they twist themselves to get to that explanation, right?
You know, there's this, even when the explanation is supposedly, supposedly, you know, they try to make it so that it's supposedly something that God would be happy with.
Like I knew this one person that used to go to our church long time ago, high schooler, right?
High schooler, and they got a job, working a retail job, right?
Working a retail job, and you know, most retail jobs, most people go shopping on weekends.
So they started taking the Sunday shifts, Sunday morning shifts, so I talked to the person and said like, oh, you know, hey, you know, you started working, now you don't see a church anymore, right?
You know, why do you always have to take the Sunday shift, right?
And their explanation and the way they made it in their mind to me was like this.
They said, oh, you know, this is my first job, right?
And, you know, before I had this job, I couldn't put any money in the offering.
But now that I work on Sundays, I get money.
And before I had $0 in, now I can put lots of money in the offering.
And I'm sure God will be happy with that, right?
That's the way it works.
They twist their logic to get to the outcome they want.
That's not what God really wants.
God doesn't want, oh, that you put in a few more dollars in the offering.
He doesn't need our money like that.
What?
He wants our heart to see that, hey, we're putting him first, that we want to worship him.
We want to honor him.
We want to do what he says.
Instead, we try to find excuses.
We try to find ways to circumvent God.
to circumvent God and to make it so that, you know, we do what we want.
You see, the thing is, Balaam's solution was to, and we see it played out in the way Balaam's solution worked out.
His solution to how do we disrupt Israel is we make them compromise, right?
We say, oh, we make them have a choice between, oh, now it's not just we follow God, it's like, we follow God, but oh, you know, my wife, she's,
She's a Moabitis.
I don't know.
She might have different beliefs.
I need to, might need to account for that, right?
Like, oh, they worship idols.
I can't be like, oh, I can't just like ban all the idols anymore.
Cause what if my wife wants to worship these idols or whatever, right?
And slowly that's how Israel degraded, right?
And fell away from God.
And likewise it is today when the church compromises that slowly we do see the degradation.
We do see the erosion of
our faithfulness, our cohesion as a Christian body in Christ.
I'll give you one example.
We're running short on time here, so I'll just keep it short.
One example, for example, you know, there's a lot of churches nowadays that compromise on issues of, you know, like a gender identity and homosexuality and things that, you know, a lot of people say like, oh, Melvin, why do you talk about this all the time?
We know this already.
We know that God thinks homosexuality is sin.
Transgenderism is not right, and all these things like that.
Why do we talk about this so much, right?
We feed it over and over again.
A hundred million times.
This is a big deal.
Can't we just move on, live and let live?
Well, see, we've seen the example.
There's some churches that have taken that attitude that say, oh, you know what?
That's fine.
You want to be homosexual, that's fine.
Whatever.
You can even be the pastor of our church.
You're the homosexual, right?
That's fine.
And what happened?
Well, we saw what happened.
There becomes a dispute among the churches.
So one church says, like, oh, we don't like that church.
They're not following God.
And then that church, the one that has the homosexual family, say, oh, we don't like you guys.
You guys are not loving.
You don't care about us.
And what happened?
The same thing that happened in Balaam's day.
Isn't it?
Just like Israel.
They got started fracturing and they started losing their cohesion and they started faltering.
The church today loses its cohesion and loses its unity and loses its faith when now it's one church arguing against the other.
Oh, you believe in this and I believe in that.
Oh, this is right now.
If we all had stayed true to the word of God and not compromised our values, we would be on a much stronger footing.
We would be like Israel before they had the stumbling block.
Wouldn't we?
We would have the faith to say, this is our stand.
We follow the Bible and the story.
Right?
All Christians, we wish we could all say that, right?
That there is no compromise.
That this is the Word of God.
We follow it and that's it.
But instead, more and more, we have people saying, this is the Word of God.
You don't like it.
You can believe that.
Oh, I'll believe this and you believe that.
And now we can't work together.
Now we can't help each other.
Now we don't encourage each other.
And now it gets into the same situation.
We have a stumbling block between Christians.
Folks, we'll wrap it up with this.
We have this quote from A.W.
Tozer says, one compromised here, another there, and soon the so-called Christian and the man in the world look the same.
The more we compromise to say, oh, let's accept the world.
The more we compromise to say, I want that worldly goal.
Let me go toward the worldly goal.
The more our focus is on the worldly thing and making people in the world be happy with what we are and us being happy with this worldly thing, the more we look less and less like Christians and more we look more and more just like a regular old person.
So that's our study on the character of Balaam.
Let's finish off with a prayer.
Dear God, we see from Balaam
you know, the for-profit-profit, the greedy guy, the one that cared only about worldly things.
He gave us an example in our own lives that we ought not to fall into that same trap, that same trap, compromising our values just to chase some shiny thing, to chase, you know, a worldly thing, a thing that God, you know that we don't, we don't need to have, rather we need to keep our eyes on you, to have
You be our goal to have you be our guide Lord we ask you help us with this that on day-to-day basis We stay faithful and true to you and your things we pray all these things in Jesus name amen